ladies and gentlemen I have a simple
message to deliver I'm not gonna take up
too much your time point number one has
been made by many other voice in the
internet so we're gonna cover that in
three minutes flat
point number two I feel like nobody is
talking about the internet because the
type of people who have YouTube channels
and of course you write articles and
video game magazines and that sort of
thing
those are not the kind of people who
look at this from a parent's perspective
I think there are very fundamental
reasons why the Nintendo switch is
really a bad product I think there were
very fundamental flaws with the basic
concept of what the products supposed to
be that if ended up reproducing some of
the fundamental disadvantages of the
Nintendo WiiU even of the n64 see SK and
D has filed a class action lawsuit
against Nintendo of America Inc Nintendo
for claims relating to alleged defects
in the joy Kahn controllers that are
part of Nintendo's switched gaming
consoles two days after buying the
Nintendo switch light the analog stick
are already drifting slightly when I
move to the left and it shows here on a
23 second video that basically confirms
this is an issue you can't be patched to
controllers you need to literally send
the entire system to Nintendo to get
fixed otherwise you will be stuck with a
drifting joy Conn I am NOT surprised
that it's come to this point that these
guys are getting sued cuz of it it seems
to be legitimately showing this person
having a drift issue with their joy con
on their Nintendo switch light purchase
that they just bought a few days ago the
big thing that I never ever would ever
support this console on is the fact that
enjoy cons come attached to it
ladies and gentlemen enjoy cons are
thief
worst piece of engineering we're talking
the worst when it comes to manufacturing
of a controller ever in my opinion and
let's get this started
now throughout every console generation
and I bought a lot of consoles I lay one
controller type of person which means if
I buy a console the controller that
comes with it usually cut usually lasts
me the whole generation when I got the
Nintendo switch immediately day one
they're already issues like we're
talking about that left joy card
disconnecting but that was not even the
worst the worst about it is the joy con
drift and I don't care who you are but
if you've owned a Nintendo switch for
any period of time you know that this
happens to every enjoy con that exists
out there and I've got two pairs of
enjoy pods the complaint filed in the
United States District Court for the
Western District of Washington alleges
that the joysticks on joy con
controllers aren't effective leading
users to experience drift issues
specifically the complaint alleges that
the joystick on the joy con controllers
will automatically register movement
when the joystick is not being
controlled by the user and interfere
with game plans now let me get the
started the Nintendo switch is not a
cheap affair by any by any chance
there's not a cheap Consular it is
another dollar store bargain bin system
it's up there and priced just within a
range of the ps4 and Xbox one so here's
the thing if those systems can come with
controllers that work the analog sticks
are working just fine which like I said
there's been no egregious call out of
either Xbox one or ps4 why the
the joy Kahn's exempt from this
situation why are they coming out with
drift if these analog sticks start to
drift and are unplayable that's the
whole system being defective that's a
much bigger problem that's an Xbox 360
red ring of death caliper problem and
it's if this becomes widespread where
everyone's experiencing joy Khan drifts
on their switch light that makes for a
defective console not just for a
defective controller there is no way
there's no way one could sit back and
deal with those analogs for an extended
period of time
we covered point one in just three
minutes but let me tell you sitting
through that kind of news
three minutes feels like a really long
point number two let me just save you
hypothetically that you know Nintendo
once upon a time
release this console and the problem was
that it had a controller that people
found really intimidating and hard to
use a controller that kind of limited
the options that programmers had in
terms of gameplay that that sort of
narrowed the number of genres of games
that that that console could take on and
also the console was was kind of priced
at at a luxury price but it wasn't a
luxury product like people were aware
from day one when they bought this
console that it was less powerful and
less capable than its competitors that
you're getting less value for money but
they had the appeal of certain you know
nostalgic you know Nintendo characters
and they felt fraud and then there's the
controller and yeah you know what I'm
describing both the Nintendo 64 and the
Wii U completely accurately Nintendo in
trying to escape all of the problems
they painted themselves into a corner
with with the relative failure of the
Wii U as a console they've ended up
repeating all of those problems and
making them even worse you know what
people used to say was the the main flaw
the main disadvantage in owning a
Nintendo switch before this you know
controversy about the controllers came
to the fore people used to say the
quality of the screen was not good
enough I found an article where they
were complaining if he had a 100 dollar
portable device from a competitor with
him much better quality screen that they
were charging a luxury price and it
really wasn't a luxury product guess
what else everyone knows in terms of
computing power you're paying a lot of
money for something where a big
percentage of your dollars are going
into the screen are going into the
battery are going into miniaturization
are going into elements of the product
that aren't used when you're sitting at
a couch the design approach has other
big fundamental disadvantages getting
rid of heat when you can't get rid of
the heat you get
cracking vents the very portability of
it the fact that the controllers are
detachable you get a lot of problems
with fragility you have a six year old
kid you really comfortable with them
handling this product you actually
reproduced many of the fundamental
disadvantages of both the n64 and the
Wii U again the controllers I mean look
even if we didn't have this huge
terrible issue with them not being
durable and not being reliable they
really limit what people could do in
terms of gameplay in terms of
conventional gaming and/or what just
pretend it's only a minor added cost to
expect people to also buy you know a pro
controller and this kind of thing from a
parent's perspective these costs and
these disadvantages cannot be justified
I completely understand
there's a counter-argument that there's
a certain type of middle aged affluent
unmarried gamer who's who's not raising
kids and from his perspective like the
cost of buying any console is trivial
compared to one night out at a bar or
drinking champagne that's completely
true where they can say from that target
markets perspective the cost of a
console is trivial and even the most
overpriced software on earth is trivial
compared to one night out drinking beer
or one night out going to a baseball
game but these kinds of comparison I
completely understand that and you know
the market you're describing there that
is the same target market who bought the
Neo Geo ok Neo Geo was overpriced and it
stayed overpriced alright by the time
the Neo Geo was remotely affordable when
it ceased to be a laughing stock
it was competing with the Sega Saturn
and the original PlayStation ok that was
a long console generation and it was
still overpriced for - ok there there
always has been a market for that the
kind of person who would buy a Neo Geo
and be happy with it
ok from a parent's perspective the huge
Vantage Nintendo has is that they're one
of the very few software companies
that's interested in making software for
children then I google this stuff
because I have a daughter there were
very very few games you could talk
yourself into buying to play with a
child on PlayStation and on Xbox that's
not what those consoles are built for
it's not either there they're marketed
towards but if you look at the reality
of the hardware and the constraints that
Nintendo forced upon themselves the
ridiculous controller which is terrible
design choices terrible strategic
choices with the Wii U and now again
with the Nintendo switch they put
themselves at a horrible disadvantage
for the one market they could most
easily capture all right the Nintendo
switch is fragile its unreliable and
really if you're being honest with
yourself it's brutally overpriced for
what it is